Implement base tests for frooky agents (#58)
cpholguera/frooky: tests/target-apps/README.md

Reviewer: This requires some setup, right?

```sh

cd /Users/carlos/git/frooky/tests/target-apps/android/build/mas-app-android && JAVA_HOME= ./gradlew assembleDebug
The operation couldn’t be completed. Unable to locate a Java Runtime.
Please visit http://www.java.com for information on installing Java.

make: *** [build] Error 1
```

Author: Added context.

# Building Target Apps

Tests usually require a target app which implements the feature that should be tested. For example, type decoders should be tested against real implementations on Android or iOS.

> These apps are located in the folder `tests/target-apps/<android|ios>/`. They must be in the form of a [MASTG-DEMO app](https://mas.owasp.org/MASTG/demos/#) Hence, the app identifier for the Android app is `org.owasp.mastestapp` and for the iOS app `org.owasp.mastestapp.MASTestApp-iOS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These apps are located in the folder `tests/target-apps/<android|ios>/`. They must be in the form of a [MASTG-DEMO app](https://mas.owasp.org/MASTG/demos/). Hence, the app identifier for the Android app is `org.owasp.mastestapp` and for the iOS app `org.owasp.mastestapp.MASTestApp-iOS`.
```

To compile them, run `make build APP_DIR=<app-dir>` in the directory `tests/target-apps/<android|ios>/`.

> `app-dir` is the folder where the demo app is. If no `APP_DIR` is provided, an empty [`mas-app-ios`](https://github.com/cpholguera/mas-app-ios) or [`mas-app-android`](https://github.com/cpholguera/mas-app-android) app is built.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To compile them, go to either `tests/target-apps/<android|ios>/` and run:

- `make build APP_DIR=<app-dir>` to build a custom app.
- `make build` to build an empty [`mas-app-ios`](https://github.com/cpholguera/mas-app-ios) or [`mas-app-android`](https://github.com/cpholguera/mas-app-android) app.
```

**Examples 1:** Building an empty `mas-app-ios` app:

```sh
cd tests/target-apps/ios
make build
```

This will compile the app and store it in `tests/target-apps/ios/dist/MASTestApp.app`.

**Examples 2:** Building a custom for parameter testing

```sh
cd tests/target-apps/android
make build APP_DIR=./basic-parameter
```

This will compile the app and store it in `tests/target-apps/android/dist/MASTestApp.apk`.

> [!NOTE]
> At the moment, there is no automation to start the app.
> This means, the developer is responsible that the right target app is running on the device and that Frida is available.

> > Agent tests will always just start the target app based on the app identifier.

Reviewer: spawn?

```suggestion
> Agent tests will always spawn the target app based on the app identifier.
```

This will compile the app and store it in `tests/target-apps/android/dist/MASTestApp.apk`.

## Installing Target Apps

To install the app follow these steps:

1. **Prepare the target device**

    Make sure the target device (physical Android or iOS device, or an emulator) is up and running and Frida is installed on them.

    For that you need root access to the device. If this is not possible, embed Frida as gadget into the binary. To simplify this process, use [Objection](https://github.com/sensepost/objection).

> 1. **Install the binary**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. **Install the binary**
```
